he'll then welcome today I'm going to
show you how to make kima about a very
tasty recipe so father African to medium
size onion which I have chopped to
medium size tomatoes coriander leaves
this is chicken stock this is some
minced chicken which I have boil and
then mean straight red chili powder 1
teaspoon 1/2 teaspoon of turmeric powder
salt as per taste 2 teaspoon of
coriander powder and 1 teaspoon of cumin
powder 1 tbsp of ginger-garlic paste and
2 green chilies chopped and here I am
taking Walt masala this one small piece
of cinnamon 2 cardamom and 3 close so
here I will add 2 tbsp of oil to this
first I'm going to add this whole masala
there's a lot of onions
Angela
[Music]
the garlic and green chili
ready for a minute
in Ardis tomato
she's completely mad
[Applause]
the microphone unknown artist on the
bottom asana
what they just do my powerful pick from
joy
I'm gonna drag this minced kuma
advocate chickens talk to this
and cook this for few minutes and this
is boiled keema it's not going to take
much time but if it is wrong keema then
leave it to go for 15 to 20 minutes so
by the time they keep is cooked
I'll try this pout so for this I have to
cut this in horizontal bit
and I rely player but the wrong key
like is he Rebecca
and try this on Java creep recipe
it
if the team also
[Music]
ready so I'm going to soak this
I don't in drinks
lemon
Jimmy
and Quarantine lives and this is ready
to serve so do try this recipe